Improve compatibility between pipeline & cluster (#21)
VIB-PSB/ksrates: doc/source/faqs.rst

.. -----------------------------------------

> How to solve ``failed to reserve page summary memory`` error? 
> -------------------------------------------------------------
> 
> Some clusters might not be compatible with certain Nextflow built-in directives in the Nextflow configuration file. For example, running the pipeline after having set the ``memory`` directive could return the error message ``failed to reserve page summary memory`` because the cluster expects the memory usage to be expressed per CPU instead of as overall amount. In these cases we advise to set the ``clusterOptions`` directive instead of the built-in directive, since the former accepts cluster-specific options.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I am getting a ``failed to reserve page summary memory`` error?
-------------------------------------------------------------

Some cluster configurations may not be fully compatible with certain built-in Nextflow process directives used in the Nextflow configuration file. For example, on some cluster configurations the *ksrates* pipeline fails with an ``failed to reserve page summary memory`` error when using the built-in ``memory`` directive to define how much memory a process requires. In these cases it is likely that instead the ``clusterOptions`` process directive (see the `Nextflow documentation <https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/process.html#clusteroptions>`__) needs to be used to define configuration settings specific to your cluster. We advise to contact your cluster administrator about these.
```

Reviewer: Since this is not a general error but specific to Nextflow, I would move it up into the Nextflow section of the FAQ.

Author: Edits committed and I moved the paragraph to the Nextflow section.
